1.oops
Oops stsns for Object oreiented programming Language.
Four types of oops concepts are;
*polymorphism
*Encapsulation
*Inheritance
*Abstraction

2.polymorphism
It means many form of implementation
types:
*.Method Overloading
same class same method but with different arguments.It is compile time polymorphism.It is static polymorphism.

*.methodOverridinng:
Different class with same methodname is called method overriding.It is runtime polymorphism.It is Dynamic polymorphism.

3.Interface
 Interface is a design.It is used to achieve abstraction.In interface we can't create an object.in a interface we can use only public access modifieror default and it is unimplemented methods
eg:webdriver is an interface in selenium.

4.Abstract class
Abstract class is a restricted class that can't create a object. To access the abstract class,it must be inherited from other class.
eg:   public abstract class Employee{
      public void name(){
    system.out.ptintln("Hema");
}  public abstract void designation();
    }

5.Mutiple inheritance:
one class inherits more than one class or interface in a same class.

Multilevel inheritance:
one base class is derived from other class,the derived class is a base class to inherit someother class.
it is used in a class level inheritance in java.

6.Mutiple inheritance possible
 In  java class level,multiple inheritance are not allowed because of ambiguity or conflict.Multiple inheritance is allowed only in interface level.

7.Keyword for using inheritance
Extends is the keyword,it is used to inherit the properties of the class.

8.Keyword to connect interface and class
Implements is the keyword, to access the interface it must be implemented by the class with the implemented methods.
the body of the interface method is provided by the implemented class.

9.Class
The class can create a object, it must be initiated, it does not support multiple inheritance.

Interface
The interfaces can't create a object, it can't initiated, it allows multiple inheritance.

10.Class:
class contains only the implemented methods.

Abstract class:
class contains both the implemented and unimplemented methods.

