1.Selenium
selenium is a open source automated testing framework, which is used to validate webapplications from different browsers and platforms.
It is used for testing.
Four type of selenium components are:
*selenium ide
*selenium Rc
*selenium webdrivers(is used for gross browser testing
*selenium grid

2.Selenium communicate with web browsers
selenium communicate with the web browser directly through drivers. these drivers accepts commands directly from selenium and executes them in the browser.

3.Locators available in selenium
1.id 2.class name  3.tagname 4.Linktext 5.partial link text 6.xpath 7.cssSelector

4.Id is preferrable than x-path
1.ID's are fast and easy in locationg and they are uniquer 
2.X-path changes in diffrent browser, it may vary from browser to browser sometimes
 3.x-path is based on the components of DOM if  DOM changes the x-path also changes.

5.Select value in dropdown
first we have to create a object to the dropdown, then you can call the desired option by the locator "linktext" using the "select" method.
*selectByvalue();
*selectByIndex();
*selectByvisibleText();

6.Absolute path
Absolute path contains the entire root of the element i.e., it orginates from the begining of the xpath to desired location 
Relative path
 relative xpath locates by referancing the previous or upcoming location or doesnt contqain the entire root

7.System.setproperty
System.set property sets the property to the browsers because browsers doesnt have inbuild automation properties, 
 WebDriverManager
webdrivers execute the comands in the browser.It can automatically download and set the path by using this methods.
8. If the given checkbox or not
we can use "isenabled" method to check that checkbox is enabled or not, it returns boolean values. i.e, returns true if checked and returns false if not.

9.Syntax for following and preceeding
1.Elder xpath//Following::younger tagname    2.Younger xpath//Preceding::elder tagname

10.Get attribute value using selenium wbdriver
we can use GetAttribute method to get the value web element . 
it returns string values,or it has boolean type return true or false, or it does not have any value return null.